Hi welcome back.
In this video we're going to look at the entire method.
So now knowing that the video is about the method you can probably guess how we were going to convert
this age into a number.
And you would be right we would be using the End Method.
So just like the S-T-R method has in brackets that go around what we want to convert into E-string.
The method has a pair of brackets that go around what we want to convert to a number an integer in this
case number into it a whole number.
Same thing.
So here we're going to convert the age which is a string into an int which is an integer.
And then we're going to multiply that integer by 365.
We're going to multiply that by 24.
We're going to multiply that by 60 and then or that by 60 again.
If you run the program last video and your computer crashed or Python crashed then that's what happens
when you make a mistake like this one.
And so it's important to always remember what is a string and what is a number.
And to convert them to the appropriate type if they are not of the appropriate time.
So in our case age was a string and we did not want to multiply that by all these numbers.
So let's save this and then run it now well into my age which is going to be five.
And notice how that gives me that number of seconds.
Let's go back and run it again and I'm going to end at 30.
And on it how that gives me a larger number of seconds which I can only assume to be correct.
I'm not going to multiply that.
OK.
So this is how we would show the user how many seconds they've lived for.
So this is exactly how to convert a string to an integer and remember to always think about what types
your variables are.
So you're not making a mistake and crashing Python with too long a string.
Ok I'll see you in the next video where we're going to be going over a very very nice method for avoiding
having to add these things together.
So I see in the next video where it's going to be a fantastic method for making this just slightly clearer
.